hello everyone look at new text and I
I want to start making videos in
Spanish because I know there are many
Hispanics who use iphones and ipads and
you want to know how these things
also but today I go I go to
show you how to deactivate your services
location
a fucking iphone other power to avoid them
also but first you have to go to
adjustments that is here
and you will see
Privacy
is here
and location
and you're going to see a list of
applications that you have on your ipad
iphone whatever it is going to know
location here and you can turn it off
turn it off completely so your iphone
will not use your location for nothing
you are going to tell you that you can not use we look
look for my friend to look for my iphone
even if the deactivated
but if you do not want to turn it off completely
you can select the applications that
you do not want me to use your apply to your
location
I do not want hotels.com
location I can turn it off so
to me you can select what you want
solve but that's how it is
I go and I'm going to do more videos in
Spanish and I'm still learned
I 'm still learning Spanish but
it's okay
if you want to know things I
I can teach but I am queen of the bird
stakes you can leave a comment
if you want or if you have many things that
you want to know
and you can use it on my channel
youtube but it 's fine